Hello, how's your internet, David? Hello, how's your internet, David? Good question. Good question. We'll find out today. We'll find out today. Great. First meeting of the day. First meeting of the day Um, cool. Um well yeah, thank you both for joining. Well, yeah, thank you both for joining. Um Um Trying to think about where to start. Trying to think about where to start. I think maybe stepping back and being more high level at the beginning will be more productive. I think maybe stepping back and being more high level at the beginning will be more productive. Um Swenson, do you have any initial thoughts? Um Swenson, do you have any initial thoughts? Because I know like Dion and I had met before and then I synced with you and now we're all meeting. Because I know like Dion and I had met before and then I synced with you and now we're all meeting. Yeah, I place no matter where we go from here. Yeah, I place no matter where we go from here. I mean that's one thing I'll say. I mean that's one thing I'll say. It looks like much of this is done, but I think there may be layers that can, you know, removed or ref It looks like much of this is done, but I think there may be layers that can you know removed or re I think that's where it stands now. I think that's where it stands now. Um, okay, yeah, you're breaking up a little bit. Um okay, yeah, you're breaking up a little bit. Sorry. But I I think yeah, I think I got the the gist of it. Um yeah, I think for my end it's Um sort of some core pieces are done, but there are some big questions that I think we should figure out here. And I think some of it is what what to support and what not to support. So here are kind of the things that I'd like to kind of figure out. What to support, what not to support, where it should live. Um and those t those two things kind of are a bit connected. Like if it supports all of the possible features, the library starts to get pretty big. Um and I know that you wanted to make Goofy, you know, this minimal, and then it would be okay, does it should it live in a separate, you know, repo module and be imported in that way? Are all of the use cases that it supports necessary or good, or can we drop some of them? Cause initially I think in one of the messages Elizabeth I kind of like pushed back on the single HTML, but then I'm like, well, why not? That actually is a good use case. Actually, there are use cases for that. So let me just implement everything and then Let's see what that looks like. Um Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So I think I'm going to restate sort of what So I think I'm going to restate sort of what I went into this I went into this anticipating. anticipating and I also part of the reason that I'm bringing Swenson into this conversation is because he And I also part of the reason that I'm bringing Swenson into this conversation is because he has a longer history with OpenFE than I do. has a longer history with OpenFE than I do. He was he was there at the beginning of the universe, uh him and God. He was he was there at the beginning of the universe, uh him and God. And And uh also is the the author of the current like nothing is as permanent as a temporary solution type network also is the the author of the current like nothing is as permanent as a temporary solution type network um network visualization. um network visualization. And so he's like uniquely positioned both as like someone who works with you more and who knows all of the like gross details of OpenFE ecosystem to have an opinion here. And so he's like uniquely positioned both as like someone who works with you more and who knows all the like gross details of OpenID ecosystem to have an opinion here. So I So I Wanted to hear your opinion, Sunsen. Wanted to hear your opinion, Swenson. Um, but essentially lightweight is is always better um when it comes to goofy things. But essentially, lightweight is is always better when it comes to goofy things. Um the main thing that we care about is being able to generate chunks of JavaScript that are on a per open FE tokenizable basis. Um, the main thing that we care about is being able to generate chunks of JavaScript that are on a per OpenEPI tokenizable basis. So like having a So like having a reproducible way of visualizing each of these goofy components that are sort of like the the structure of everything in the OpenFE ecosystem. reproducible way of visualizing each of these goofy components that are sort of like the the structure of everything in the OpenFE ecosystem. Um when by that I mean truly just JavaScript components like written as an HTML, but like having a server involved in this was never really When by that I mean truly just JavaScript components like written as an HTML, but like having a server involved in this was never really part of the original vision. part of the original vision, we can talk about whether that makes sense. We can talk about whether that makes sense. Um, but that was that was not top of mind for me. Um, but that was that was not top of mind for me. And a big reason for that is because so many of our users are And a big reason for that is because so many of our users are pharma companies that have all these firewall protections are very skittish about security data leaks. Pharma companies that have all these firewall protections are very skittish about security data leaks. Um and like the like we can't serve things to 0. And like the like we can't surf things to 0. 0. 0. 0 0. Like that that's not a thing that they're they're gonna go for. Like that that's not a thing that they're gonna go for. Um and so I kind of want to decouple the like And so I kind of want to decouple the like server interactive bit from server interactive bit from what do we need to just have like the bare like the minimum viable product here being What do we need to just have like the bare like the minimum viable product here being these composable Java TypeScript JavaScript components? these composable JavaScript TypeScript, JavaScript components, pr ideally in a separate library that we can ideally in a separate library that we can visualize them as static HTML as um visualize them as static HTML as um in in a Jupyter notebook cell. in in a Jupyter notebook cell. And the thing with the Jupyter notebook cell is thing is like I'm not And the thing with the Jupyter Notebook cell is thing is like I'm not the the The the like writing it to like serving it and then fetching it back just to visualize it in a cell um is not something that that I think we really need to be doing. like writing it to like serving it and then fetching it back just to visualize it in a cell um is not something that that I think we really need to be doing. Um But also I am not the one proficient in JavaScript here. But also I am not the one proficient in JavaScript here. And so I add that with a large asterisk. And so I add that with a large asterisk. Trying to think what else our our sort of base expectations were here. Trying to think what else are our sort of base expectations were here. So yeah, I think having each of these components be visualizable. So yeah, I think having each of these components be visualizable. Visualize? Visualize? This yeah. This yeah. Um and then also having an intuitive leg network interaction that then if we want to expand this to visualize results or alchemical networks or anything, that it would be Um and then also having an intuitively in network interaction that then if we want to expand this to visualize results or alchemical networks or anything, that it would be clear to us how to kind of like add that on if that that would be like a nice to have extra time. clear to us how to kind of like add that on if that that would be like a nice to have extra time. But but replacing our existing LIGA network visualization with But but replacing our existing Ligan network visualization with something that runs completely locally, that is pretty lightweight, and just, you know, OpenFEVU spits out an HTML that you could open. something that runs completely locally, that is pretty lightweight, and just, you know, open FEVU spits out on HTML that you can open. That was my vision. That was my vision. Swenson, I want to hear you chime in. Swenson, I want to hear you chime in. Yeah, at some point you always need some way of getting Yeah, at some point you always need some way of getting information into the browser, but I think that you can usually use th they'll let you use Jupyter to do that information into the browser, but I think that you can usually use the they'll let you use Jupyter to do that. Where that can take the Python and then say, okay, we're gonna turn this into some or some JSON objects that can then be processed by JavaScript. Where that it can take the Python and then say, okay, we're gonna turn this into some or some JSON objects that can then be processed by JavaScript. And I I I would wonder something that And I I I would wonder Something that and my connection is unstable. And my connection is unstable. I wonder if similarly something that has a um I wonder if similarly something that has a um Looks more like a Flask app or something like that where it's a small server that's running locally, if that's also something that would usually be allowed. Looks more like a Flask app or something like that where it's a small server that's running locally if that's also something that would usually be allowed. But that's again, that's a very small surface, and there's no real running it externally. But that's again, that's a very small surface and there's no real running it externally. There's no no talking outside of There's no no talking outside of Yeah. Um I do think also like the pure HTML answer is also a good way to do it, to say I I load up Um I do think also like the pure HTML answer is also a good way to do it, to say I I load up I can create an HTML page, HTML object, run local JavaScript, then there's no question that that will work. I can create an HTML page, HTML object, run local JavaScript, then it there's no question that that will Um but I suspect that at least the the Jupyter approach and probably uh if you ever use the OpenMM, um what do they call it? But I suspect that at least the the Jupyter approach and probably uh if you ever use the OpenMM, um what do they call it? Open Open Builder. Builder. openmm. openmm. Well sorry, can you see that part again? What sorry, can you see that part again? OpenMM setup, which used to be builder. OpenMM setup, which used to be builder. openmm. openmm. org, but they took down the public one. org, but they took down the public It's a it's a little flask app that it can be used. It's a it's a little flask app that it can be used. I suspect that they have they'll usually have some flexibility around things like that. I suspect that they have they'll usually have some flexibility around things like that But definitely things that call outside the network are completely off. But definitely things that call outside the network are completely off. That's not an option. That's not an option. Yeah, the the the 000 was just a uh minor implementation thing. It should be localhost. Um and the server is Essentially, David, it is like a extremely minimal flask. Like it's it's the most bare minimum web server. Yeah. So you can think of it as a flask, stripped out flask server. But even so the the the key thing here is that is But even so the the the key thing here is that is To my way of thinking, that is where we start talking about. To my way of thinking, that is where we start talking about I think of it this way. I think of it this way. We We Python code that's going to output something, probably JSON. Python code that's going to output something, probably JSON. And we have some interface. And we have some interface. This is what the JSON looks like. This is what the JSON looks like. And then we have TypeScript code that is going to ingest that JSON. And then we have TypeScript code that's going to ingest that JSON. And again, preferring that it be is in a separate repository, probably the possibly even the Python that handles that, depending on how we do this. And again, preferring that it be is in a separate repository, probably the possibly even the Python that handles that, depending on how we do this. is also in that same repository with the TypeScript. is also in that same repository with the TypeScript. Maybe that's where you define where the interface is. Maybe that's where you define where the interface is. It can be like a publication schema as well, so that all of these things make it a little bit better. It can be like a publisation schema as well so that All of these things make it a little bit better. Um Um The rest of the details are are about whatever specific use case you have for having it talk to having these things talk to each other. The rest of the details are are about whatever specific use case you have for having it talk to having these things talk to each other And I think sort of the simplest path possible is probably what we want to do here. And I think sort of the simplest path possible is probably what we want to do here. Yes, because every goofy tokenizable can be represented as JSON. Yes, because every Goofy tokenizable can be represented as JSON. Um as the simplest way to think about it. Yeah. I think it's the simplest way to think about it. Um I will say one option. Yeah. I will say one option is to take the goofy 2 JSON. is to take the goofy two JSON and make that into the the JSON schema and make that into the the JSON schema. That is nice because it could be reused. That is nice because it could be reused. That has a downside, which is that you all of these things like the That has a downside, which is that you're all of these things like the Then they can read in SDF, they can read in PDB. They can read in SDF, they can read in PDB. So the TypeScript would have to recreate that. So the TypeScript would have to recreate that We'd have to recreate an SDF, a PDB. We have to recreate an SCS, a PDD, from the JSON that OpenSE, the goofy uh output, which means a lot of ugly TypeScript to maintain from the JSON that OpenSE the the Goofy uh outputs, which means a lot of ugly TypeScript to maintain. Right. Right. Um yeah So one of my goals is to make this As since I'm not, you know, there's no guarantee that, you know, I'll be working here after September, is I want to make this as easy to maintain as possible. Right, like that's you know, I've put in some work to sort of lay down these paths of like here's how you edit it and and um and so there's a there's some uncertainty there around what Like what might what might look good in a visioned repo with JavaScript might not be the best way for like editing it, for example. Like it might, for example, um it might make sense to edit it directly in the Jupyter notebook. Right? Because then you've got the data in there and you're able to go, okay, what does this look like? Okay, I'm gonna edit this code in here and I'm gonna see it real time as it you know, or I'm gonna use a sort of open FE generate HTML, right? Like that process might be a bit I I don't I don't think I understand what you mean by editing it in Jupyter Notebook. I I don't I don't think I understand what you mean by editing it in Jupyter Notebook. So with Frame. js, it's got a built-in editor. So you can you can just like you've got the data in there and you can say, oh okay, I want it to look more like this or or edit it that way and you you get immediate feedback in your iteration. So that's not a component that we're prioritizing here. That's not a component that we're prioritizing. Sorry, so I'm saying I didn't mean to speak over you. Got it. Okay. Sorry so I'm saying this is just that that is that it Yeah, yeah. I was gonna say that's just that that is that is JS and that's really great for like the stuff you've done with um OpenFS with like Lily and the stuff that they've done there. And that's really great for like the stuff you've done with um OpenFF with like Lily and the stuff that they've done there. Where they're kind of doing a special thing that they aren't going to necessarily reuse. Or they're kind of doing a special thing that they aren't going to necessarily reuse in exactly the same way over and over. It is actually the same way over and over. Whereas the whole goal here is it's exactly the same over and over. Got it. The whole goal here is it's exactly the same over and over. Got it. Okay. Um wait, wait, just you're treating code as data, which Yep. You're treating code as data, which is cool, but this is not the code here is not data. is cool, but this is not the code here is not data. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, but c clarification. But um the use case of um when I'm gone and Alyssa wants to make a an edit, right? that the path to making those changes is will be something like I'm gonna edit this JavaScript. And then I'm going to say, you know, open FE view, get the HTML it opens, and I'm going to see it. And that's my iteration loop. And that's okay. Like that's that sounds okay to you? Yeah. Yeah. I may have missed something there, but yeah, I mean maybe maybe reseat it for David and I wouldn't mind. I may miss something there, but yeah, I mean maybe resate it for David and I wouldn't mind. Um that the the way to iterate in the JavaScript code to make updates will be something like um I modify code I run open FE view you know network graph ML or whatever in SDF Um, that opens up a new HTML that I'm gonna view in the browser. I see my changes Okay, I need to make another edit. I change the code again. I run that command again. I see my updates Like this. To be honest, I see possibly the when uh updating the To be honest, I see possibly the when uh updating the TypeScript side. TypeScript side, um possibly more likely that you're doing that. Um Possibly more likely that you're doing that. Okay, so first off, almost certainly this should go in a re Okay, so first off, almost certainly this should go in a it's an optional dependency that probably OpenFE will require. It's an optional dependency that probably OpenFE will require, but at the goofy level it's not a requirement. But at the goofy level, it's not a requirement. That's and and then there's probably of Python here put in here will optionally take the Python stuff and that will be what does the output We'll optionally take the Python stuff and that will be what does the output unless you just use the plane from JSON, which is also a possibility, or to JSON. Um unless you just use the plane from JSON, which is also a possibility, uh or to JSON. Um in any case In any case, that case, my my would be that in that repository there are probably example files and a very simple HTML app. In that case, my my would be that in that repository there are probably example files and a very simple HTML app. And that's just a couple of, you know, like one page that shows each of these things. I mean that's just a couple of, you know, like one page that shows each of these things. And that's where I would preview it And that's where I would preview it. Um because when I'm previewing it, I'm I'm in this situation, part of the point is I'm not just previewing it in the OpenFE view, but I need to also Um, because when I'm previewing it, I'm I'm in this situation, part of the point is I'm not just previewing it. in the OpenFE view, but I need to also if I I don't want to bias too much towards one of these sort of modalities where this will be used. I don't want to bias too much towards one of the sort of modalities where this will be used. Tested several different modalities. Tested step modalities uh like here is that here is that some of the components will be used within other things. Some of the components will be used within other things. So um So there might be a standalone thing to look at atom mappings There might be a standalone thing to look at atom mappings, which should use exactly the thing that's used in the ligand viewer or the ligand network viewer to look at atom mappings. Which should use exactly the thing that's used in the ligand viewer or the ligand network viewer to look at atom mappings. Exact same component that's just put inside of that, uh inside of a larger view. Exact same component that's just put inside of that uh inside of a larger view. Right. Uh and so when I change it in one place, I want to look at how it looks in all of the other places Yeah. So when I change it in one place, I want to look at how it looks in all of the other places Yeah, so that was I I did architect it um with different with separate views for different the different objects. Um but then I collapsed it into one and then that handles all of them, but in one file. So then it reuses the code in that file. I can break it up so that it's you know, generated differently there? Yeah, I mean my thought here and I'm thinking again kind of in terms of Jason schema Yeah, I mean my thought here, I'm thinking again kind of in terms of Jason schema um that it makes more sense to have different there's like a one library of um that it makes more sense to have different there's like one library of that sort of define each one. that sort of define each one. But then the schema this object is a chemical system But the whole schema this object is a chemical system. I am going to visualize a chemical system and if you give it instead it says, hey, whoa, no, that's not what I do. I am going to visualize a chemical system. And if you give it Instead it says, hey, whoa no, that's not what I do. So uh thinking about how to go about this, I think what I what I would like to have is like sort of an incremental way of building this up so that we can like check in So uh thinking about how to go about this, I think what I what I would like to have as like sort of an incremental way of building this up so that we can like check in and make sure that it's like meeting what we need and I can like stress test it a little bit. And make sure that it's like meeting what we need and I can like stress test it a little bit. Um, because I don't want I want your iteration loops to stay small and I don't want you to like Um because I don't want I want your iteration loops to stay small and I don't want you to like I I don't want to waste your time. I I don't want to waste your time. Um and so I I'm thinking And so I I'm thinking Maybe this is make a new repository, spin up a minimal example where we're just generating HTML first. Maybe this is make a new repository, spin up a minimal example where we're just generating HTML first. And so just like And so just like keeping the commits small, keeping the changes small, keeping the code base small. keeping the commits small, keeping the changes small, keeping the code base small. And then we can pull from this like massive goofy PR that we have over here. And then we can pull from this like massive goofy PR that we have over here. We can treat that as this mortgage board. We can treat that as the smorgasboard. And then pull things into um as we build this up in a more like open FE ecosystem-centric way and then pull things into um as we build this up in a more like open e ecosystem centric way That way we can make sure that we're only pulling in what we need and we're not over-architecting things. That way we can make sure that we're we're only pulling in what we need and we're not over-architecting things. And like most of this process is copy and pasting the code over and maybe adding a few checkpoints along the way where we're making sure that that this is working. Okay. And like most of this process is copy and pasting the code over and maybe adding a few checkpoints along the way where we're making sure that that this is working. One thing I would like is again an explicit JSON schema because that is something that you can if if Goofy changes, you they'll get an error and know that they're breaking things. One thing I would like is again an explicit JSON schema because that is something that you can If if Goofy changes, you they'll get an error and know that they're breaking things. Yep. Yep. That would it's really the handshake between the Python and the JavaScript that I think is going to cause Yeah, it's really the handshake between the Python and the JavaScript that I think is going to cause like be be the point of of conversation. like be the point of of conversation. Yeah. Yeah. And to have that be automatically um Yeah, to have that like caught at like build time, right? If like that does change in the Uh that currently would be in the goofy library, right? The JSON schema because I am not even that concerned with it being updated at build time or anything. I am not even that concerned with it being updated at build time or anything. Like Like I am fine with having to update a schema that says like I am fine with having to update a schema that says like if things change in Goofy, we just have an updated version of this visualization library. If things change in Goofy, we just have an updated version of this visualization library because like it like we already have repos that have to move in lockstep because Because like it like we already have repos that have to move in lockstep because of versioning and things like that. of versioning and things like that. So I that I don't think that's a that consideration is a good use of your So I that I don't think that's a that consideration is a good use of your your effort. Your effort. I'm trying to like be very intentional about like let the undo the JavaScript like things that I'm trying to like be very intentional about like let beyond do the JavaScript like things that that I definitely can't do and I don't want you to have to try to recreate things that we've already just that I definitely can't do. And I don't want you to have to try to recreate things that we've already just like sort of baked in like headaches that are baked in that we're used to dealing with. like sort of baked in like headaches that are baked in that we're used to dealing with. I don't want you to feel like you have to come up with a new solution to I don't want you to feel like you have to come up with a new solution too. Right. um which i realize is like a weird this is like a maybe like an unusual way of contributing code but Um Which I realize is like a weird this is like a uh maybe like an unusual way of contributing code. No, it it's it it I I was thinking about this a lot and I think it's it's just one of these things where when you've got uh uh essentially something headless And then you introduce browser visualization. It it it's a different modality. It has some inherent complexity. So it you know it's it it's expected that You know, the some little figure out you know, figuring out how to to do this. Um do you have a question? Can I Yeah. I want to jump in real quick. Alyssa, if the um JSON schema is based on Goofy's 2JSON, then it should live in If the um JSON schema is based on Goofy's two JSON, then it should live in in Derpey. in group feet. You might want to do that something like that anyway, just because like you do have a two JSON, it'd be nice to define the schema and you can test against it and see if you're changing things on the schema. You might want to do that something like that anyway, just because like you do have a 2JSON, it'd be nice to define the schema and you can test against it and see if you're changing things on the schema. We have this with a Pydantic schema We have this a Pydantic schema. Yeah. Yeah, so so the j the pyramid cards will catch that, but here's the thing, okay. So the J the Pidantic parts will catch that, but here's the thing, okay. But Jason schema is annoying to do by hand. But Jason schema is annoying to do by hand. This is this is the job of an LLM because it's testable. This is this is the job of an LLM because it's testable Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And so it's really easy. And so it's really easy. Yeah. Yeah. But if you but I don't know that that that two JSON schema is what you want for the visualization. But if you but I don't know that that that two JSON schema is what you want for the visualization. I think that in this new repo that Dion's gonna build, there's going to be I think that in this new repo that Dion's gonna build, there's going to be some Python that will create a slightly different schema from that. some Python that will create a slightly different schema from that. Again, because when you hit a small molecule component, you want to output it as an SDF, a Mole 2. Again, because when you hit a small molecule component, you want to output it as an SDF, a Mole 2. You don't want to output it as goofy JSON because that is, well, goofy. You don't want to output it as goofy JSON because that is well goofy. Thanks, Richard, for naming it. Yeah, that I mean that I have that concern too because that you know translating it you might lose things that aren't represented somewhere and It's on you essentially to maintain that and that's hard. The the JSON that is output is The JSON that is output is um more information than you can than you would get when you just um more information than you can than you would get when you just dump it to an SDF or something like that. dump it to an SDS or something like that. But the information when you dump it to an SDF is everything that you need. But the information when you dump it to an SDF is everything that you need to visualize it. to visualize it. Right Um and so that's so it it's glossy, so you can't do a round trip with that. Um and so that's so it it's lossy, so you can't do a round trip with that. That's that's the reason. That's that's what we're doing. Would it make sense to kind of like have a, you know um you know, a a sort of base 64 representation of the by you know, the the text or the binary and then that metadata. Like would there would there be a case where you want to, you know Say the you know the core library will visualize the SDF, but we have this extra stuff that we want to add to the visualization for reasons. Like I don't know, just would that be a thing? I think I mean I think that basically adding an SDF string key to the OpenFE JSON is not an unreasonable way to do this. I mean I think that basically adding an SDF string key to the open FE JSON is not an unreasonable way to do this. uh the ability to add things like if you hover over an atom you can see what the formal charge on it was which is one of the things if I remember correctly that SDF didn't have The ability to add things like if you hover over an atom, you can see what the formal charge on it was, which is one of the things, if I remember correctly, that SDF didn't have. Um, but I don't know that that's the one urgent that is that's um Right. Um, but I don't know that that's the one urgent that is that's um one way or the other, if you're including One way or the other, if you're including an SDF string as part of the output, then you have changed the schema from an SDF string as part of the output, then you have changed the schema from to JSON schema. to Jason schema. So you have your own schema and your own Python code. So you have your own schema. Can you just say that? Yeah can you can you repeat that? Yeah. Yeah so I was saying that having the extra Yeah. So I was saying that having the extra And the extra information and also the SDF string. And the extra information and also the SDF string. You have a string that is the SDF representation. You have a string that is the SDF representation. JSON representation. JSON representation. So you've added an extra key to the JSON. So you've added an extra key to the JSON. You have changed the schema. You have changed the schema You need separate Python code that is not in Goofy to do that. You need separate Python code that is not in Goofy to do that. You already have a new schema. You already have a new schema. It's not the original schema. It's not the original scheme. Um and so it's whether you do that now or uh goofy JSON information later. Um and so it's whether you do that now or the GUP vjson information later. You can add it later, is what I'm saying. You can add it later, is what I'm saying. That doesn't need to be part of V1. That doesn't need to be part of V1. It's something that could be interesting to do. It's something that could be interesting to do. And if you do it this way, you have And if you do it this way, you have And if you do it this way, what? And if you do it this way, what? You have the flexibility to do it in the future. You have the flexibility to do it in the future. Yeah. That's yeah, that's kind of would be uh uh it doesn't feel like it's a big ask on me at all to basically nest the data, right? Is to say here's the main data. Here is other stuff metadata that we might look at later, but at least it's there for you know you know filling out later, but we might not consume it now That's true. It's just another, you know, we just have a key for the main data that's what we're going to use now. So um it's true. But yeah, you'll probably want to add for those objects a key for their their and that'll be something you do at the Python level to add an SDF or PDB. But yeah, you'll probably want to add for those objects a key for their their and that'll be something you do at the Python level to add an SDF or PDB. Right. Okay. Oh strain to it. If I could just do Dion have a oh sorry, ask your wire finding button. Do you Dion have a oh sorry, ask your clarified question. No, no, no, go ahead. I was g I was just gonna reiterate everything to make sure on the same page. That's what I was about to ask. I was about to ask, like do you have you have a set? Like do you have do you have a sense? So go go for it. So don't Let me let me iterate it so just to make sure we're on the same page. Okay, so I'm going to create a separate repo. And in that it's going to be as minimal as I can make it for um just generating the HTML of the on the command line, absolute minimal, and and in the Jupyter notebook as well. Now the Jupyter notebook one I don't think that needs necessarily too many changes in the delivery of the widget. That seems to work pretty well as of as of built it out. I'd be reluctant to change that just because of the way that integrating into a notebook and passing that data in currently works. Um I'm I'm gonna break up. Well, one thing is still unclear. Um, and I and I kinda feel like I'm a bit, you know, not sure here. The current code for handling these different ways of visualizing is cleanly broken up and can be made cleaner in the JavaScript file. But do you want that actually broken up into separate files? There's pros and cons, right? One file is just much easier to manage and deliver and overall deal with from a sort of ingestion point of view. Um But there's an advantage in splitting it up and that you as a user can see it more cleanly. Saying that As someone who's used to Python, I want to say different files. As someone who's used to Python, I want to say different files, but I know that that might not be the intuitive answer for JavaScript. Okay. But I know that that might not be the intuitive answer And so And so again, we'd I think we'd really like to see this in TypeScript. I again we'd I think we'd really like to see this in TypeScript. And so separate files in TypeScript can compile to once minimize JavaScript. And so separate files in TypeScript can compile to Uh you want it in TypeScript. Uh new okay type okay. Um so that's that's an third into D or something like that. Cause you throw it into V or something like that, and then you can yeah. And then you can Yeah, okay. Uh okay. So that would be an extra build step and have some complexity. I will say that a lot of the um The code is not too complicated, right? A lot of this is boilerplate code, so having it in just JavaScript from my point of view is not a big loss. just because of it's it's mostly just boilerplate calling these external libraries and tweaking their parameters. I still think that having it in TypeScript will make it more maintainable for us. I still think that having it in TypeScript will make it more maintainable for us. Okay. It's it's it's future and where it might go in the future is the concern, not where it is today. It's future and where it might go in the future is the concern, not where it is today. Okay. Yeah, okay. Oh that's that's no problem. Um that would also catch The wait JSON schema, that's a runtime thing. That's not a type script. Um you can see a JSON schema just defines a JSON file. Um you can so yeah, JSON schema just defines a JSON file. Yeah, yeah, it's a runtime. But um But um It it just defines the contract. It it just defines the contract. It's a definition of the contract. It's a definition of the contract. Essentially. Essentially. Yeah, you can you you can you take another program and Yeah, you can you you can you take another program and It's a validation language essentially. It's a validation language essentially. Just like you can take HTML and say, does this actually satisfy you know the W3's Just like you can take HTML and say, does this actually satisfy the W3s working group standards. working group standards. This is just lets you create your own definition for that. This is just let you create your own definition for that. And yeah, that way it it because it defines the contract, you can take every object that that OpenFE produces And yeah, that way it it because it defines the contract, you can take every object that that OpenFE produces and make sure that it that that is actually satisfying the contract. And make sure that it that that is actually satisfying the contract. And then if you build the TypeScript side to meet that contract, uh you can also test that And then if you build the TypeScript side to meet that contract, you can also test that You can visualize things that meet that and you can test that things that don't meet that contract, that break the contract, may raise a warning or an error as needed. You can visualize the things that meet that and you can test that things that don't meet that contract, that break the contract, may raise a warning or an error as needed. Right. Um and the uh w um The JSON I just want to clarify because I I didn't I didn't remember it in the code but uh but you know this David the the JSON schema that's currently defined in Python code, right? In in Goofy code, is that correct? Goofy does not yet have a schema defined. Goofy does not yet have a schema defined. Okay, but that would be it has an im implicit. I mean it it has an implicit schema. Yeah, yeah. It has an implicit scheme for it as a reference. Don't go looking for it. Oh okay, okay. So so in your head it would make sense then is that is that the Goofy Well in this library, if probably not the main one, it would like generate a schema that then I would then be validating against the TypeScript code. Is that how You would imagine it? I think it's more that your library like the Viz library defines its own schema on what is required. I think it's more that your library, like the Viz library, defines its own schema on what is required. as the interface between Goofy and like like essentially the gate to get into TypeScript land. as the interface between Goofy and like like essentially the gate to get into TypeScript land. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And I would I mean the way I would write this honestly uh because I I played with this and it it goes very well. And I would I mean like the way I would write this honestly uh i played with this and it it goes very well if you have the python to do it you can just If you have the Python to do it you can just d you just tell Blaude to write a make make a JSON schema for this and walk away. D you just tell Juan to write make a JSON schema for this and walk away. Because it's It's very good. It's very good. The only thing I would add is I I would definitely want testing on each kind of object with probably a couple variants of the object, and maybe some mutation testing that if you break the schema. The only thing I would add is I I we definitely want testing on each kind of object, uh, with probably a couple of variants of the object And maybe some mutation testing that if you break the the schema, it does raise an error, does fail. It does raise an error. It does fail. But that's, you know. Yeah. But that's Yeah. Okay. Um, so the TypeScript thing is an interesting new one and that would what what I would l what I would like to do then, or what would it happen, is that that makes it easier actually to break it up. Because then when I build it, I would still build it in as one file. That would be the artifact. And then that would be, you know, I I would that Having one file makes it easier operationally, but if it's gonna be in TypeScript, then it makes it easier to have separate ones. Mm-hmm. They can be type checked and then just among it. Yeah, and that's I think that's exactly the the kind of value that David and I are both eager to get from this being in TypeScript. Yeah, that's what I think. Got it. um friendlier to our brains. Okay. Um friendlier to our brains. Our future I like TypeScript. I like to support future people who I worry about, especially. And support future people who I worry about especially. Yeah, m I'm thinking about future Alyssa that's gonna that past Alyssa burns on the daily. Yeah, I'm thinking about future Alyssa that's gonna that past Alyssa burns on the daily. Um Um I okay, so it sounds like we are converged on what we want this end state to look like. I, okay, so it sounds like we are converged on what we want this end state to look like. Uh what do we want this to be called? Uh what do we want this to be called? OpenFE-viz? Open Fiz. Boofy Viz. Goofy Viz. It's only. It's only. . Oh, there's one other thing I wanted to bring up, which is extensibility of the visualization. . Oh, there's one other thing I wanted to bring up, which is extensibility of the visualization. Uh so let's talk uh chemical components or you know so components, so you know chemical systems made up of components. Uh so let's talk uh chemical component or you know so components so you know chemical systems made up of components if hypothetically someone outside made a If hypothetically someone outside made a component. component. My take is right now, if you get something that's out of schema or or unrecognized, or there's maybe there's something in there that says this is a chemical component, this is the name of it, so you don't recognize the name. My take is right now, if you get something that's out of schema or or unrecognized, or there's maybe there's something in there that says this is a chemical component, this is the name of it, so you don't recognize the name. You say, uh, sorry, I can't visualize this, but I'm um in the long run, a plug-in framework would be really cool You say, uh, sorry, I can't visualize this, but I'm Um In the long run, a plugin framework would be really cool But I think that's beyond the scope of a V1 solution. But I think that's beyond the scope of a V1 tool. That is beyond I I will say I am not interested in that as the first iteration of this, largely because we don't have people lining up. That is beyond I I will say I am not interested in that as the first iteration of this, um, largely because we don't have people lining up to define their own components yet. to define their own components yet. I I want I like I like the future that you see David but I I want I like I like the future that you see David but I don't want to introduce complexity here. I don't want to introduce complexity here. Any anything that involves a protocol is the one that I'm most concerned about those. Any anything that involves a protocol is the one that I'm most concerned about this. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. And that's not that's not the primary. And that's not the primary. Yes. Yes. But that's like not the primary thing that we're we're doing yet. That does bring up so I know it's not going to be part of this um this iteration and maybe it won't be. But I just want to put it out there is that if it lives in frame if it lives at a simple frame. js where it's just JavaScript and it lives there, it is trivial for someone to take that and modify and extend it. With this new infrastructure, it's on in a way a more sort of stable, well, let's just say Mm-hmm. rigorous foundation, but it does make community input and modifications much much much more onerous. And I am fine with that. I I understand that trade-off. I I understand that trade-off in that trade-off. I own that trade-off. I will deal with the consequences of that trade-off. I will deal with the consequences of that trade-off. Um yeah, I I like my eyes are open to that. Cool. Um Yeah, I I like my eyes are open to that. That is that is fine. That is fine. Um yeah, I'm not going to say like why can't I do all the stuff that I could with framejs because I see these as serving two different Yeah, I'm not going to say like why can't I do all the stuff that I could with print. js because I see these as serving two different customers customers. And um I think that we've already kind of done this exercise of could a version of Fringe. And um I think that we've already kind of done this exercise of could a version of Fringe. js fit the need that Goofy and OpenFE has? js fit the need that Goofy No Prep has and it and it's actually not both it's actually not exclusive And it and it's we can't have both. What it does mean is is because the at least the Jupyter one will still live like Frame. js, it does mean that someone can just copy that and say, hey, AI, make this better. post that to a PR and say, hey, I want it to look like this, Claude can then just ingest that and update it. Yep, yep. And this is getting Right. So the the pathway's there, it's just a little bit a couple more steps, but This is getting into my f my soapbox philosophy of like I want AI to meet me where I'm at. This is getting into my my soapbox philosophy of like I want AI to meet me where I'm at. I don't want to compromise my infrastructure to make it more friendly to AI, which like I don't want to compromise my infrastructure to make it more friendly to AI, which like I realize that's my personal hot take, but also like it's my job to have this kind of hot take. I realize that's my personal hot take, but also like it's my job to have this kind of hot take and then deal with the consequences of it. And then deal with the consequences of it. So like I I I accept that. So like I I I accept that. Um Um Yeah, but I think I think this is like I think what we we've just talked about is very in line with what David and I had talked about like before Yeah, but I think I think this is like I think what we we've just talked about is very in line with what David and I had talked about like before. Like like when we were like, oh, it would be really cool to get somebody that can write some TypeScript that knows what they're doing with visualization. Like like when we were like, oh, it would be really cool to get somebody that can write something script that knows what they're doing with visualization. This is I think the conversation that we we had. This is I think the conversation that we we had. And so I I feel like we are now And so I I feel like we are now closer to that. closer to that. Um David, do you have any other thoughts, considerations, concerns, like his historically speaking? Um David, do you have any other thoughts, considerations, concerns, like his historically speaking? No No. I I would point out that in terms of I'm trying to remember even how how the current ligand thing actually works, like what it spins on. I would point out that in terms of I'm trying to remember even how how the current ligand thing actually works, like what it spins I don't know if that might I'm trying I don't remember how that works. I don't know if that might I'm trying I don't remember how that works. Like I know it's mapplotlib. I know it's mapplotlib. I don't know how mapplotlib works under the hood on that as well. I don't know how mapplotlib works under the hood on that as well as. It's really gross It's really gross. Um as is my internet connection. Um as is my internet connection. Yeah. Yeah. Um the the only other thing I would Um the the only other thing I would in this is plot a clear path forward In this is plot a clear path forward? Like next steps? Like next steps. I think yeah, go ahead, Dion. I think, yeah, go ahead. Yeah, just one question on that. Like, so I know this first step is going to be just static files, right? But um um to s to sort of solve that. But it I would still want the next step to likely be Or or to have the possibility for it to be a simple server just because of the data transfer. Otherwise we're generating we sort of have to generate these massive HTML files, which is fine. Um but the Well, let's just go there, but I'm just kind of I'm wonder I'm just wondering how much am I thinking okay having a server does in some context make some sense. Or I'll just ignore that for now and just focus on the the sort of like the HTML part. I think I think if you start from thinking about um term what it's called, like it's a I think if you start from thinking about um term what it's called, like it's a custom element where you do you have to sort of do the create, update, destroy cycle on it. custom elements where you do you have to sort of do the create, update, destroy cycle on it. You have to have those elements of it. You have to have those elements of it. um which you can then kind of register essentially as an HTML element uh of a sort Which you can then kind of register essentially as an HTML element of a sort. Uh if we have that as a starting point, that gets really easy to wrap as a widget in a notebook. If we have that as a starting point, that gets really easy to wrap. as a widget in a notebook. And that the very first thing that you could build then is actually just like if you're using whatever under the hood, VT or something like that. And that the very first thing that you could build then is actually just like if you're using whatever under the hood, VT or something like that. Drag and drop. Drag and drop. Take a take an object from Open FE that is the the or or even let's see Take a take an object from OpenFE that is the or or even let's see Don't so don't worry about take the take your visualization thing, output its JSON, drag and drop that onto something to visualize Don't so don't worry about take the take your visualization thing, output its JSON, drag and drop that onto something to visualize I think that's the zero thwarter thing, not even worrying about the the connection between them, but making sure that you can visualize it that way. I think that's the zero shorter thing, not even worrying about the the connection between them, but making sure that you can visualize it that way. Then you have the component that you can reuse in something that may then have all the data in it or that may have a connection through the website or through through Then you have the component that you can reuse in something that may then have all the data in it or that may have a connection. Yeah. Uh through um the website or through yeah, through the URLs through the that's my brain dying, sorry. the URLs to that F my brain dying, sorry. Um but yeah. I I think I get what you mean. I mean it's already it's already architected that way. It has a generic on inputs handler and that the inputs can come from any place. Yeah. Okay. So it's basically already set up like that. So that's no problem. That's what I figured. That's what I figured. And and that's the thing that we kind of want to have encapsulated into like one thing that then gets wrapped up in a bunch of other And and that's the thing that we kind of want to have encapsulated into like one thing that then gets wrapped up in a bunch of other use cases. use cases. And like I I I know that file size is a consideration, but like it also is not And like I I I know that file size is a consideration, but like it also is not a non-starter for us, like most of our users are used to having disgustingly large file sizes a non-starter for us, like most of our users are used to having disgustingly large file sizes. And so like they care I don't want to speak for everyone, but like generally they would rather have a large file than have a possible security concern. And so like they care, I don't want to speak for everyone, but like generally they would rather have a large file than have a possible security concern. Alyssa, the the current 2json does key chains, right? The the current 2json does key chains, right? Yeah. Yeah. Key chains deduplicate inside of them or not? Key chains deduplicate inside of them or not? Yes. Yes. So they do they already deduplicate? So they did they already deduplicate. Okay. Okay. So it's much better than the old nested JSON. So it's much better than the old nets to JSON. The problem is that Quick Run still uses two dict and does not use the key dict. The problem is that Quick Run still uses two dipped and does not use the key dipped. Yes. Yes. And And we're working on the case. But that means that if Dion is taking something that's based on the 2 JSON. But that means that if Dion is taking something that's based on the 2J song. It's a bit hard to get some well maybe even you can find the nested things in there because that should be more like a list of It's a bit hard to get some well maybe even you can find the nested things in there. Cause that should be more like a list of Of objects you should be able to do. of objects you should be able to do. We also we have um partial unpack options Also we have um partial unpack options You can represent it as a full two dict if you want. You can represent it as a full to-dict if you want. Um you can dictate. Um you can Yeah, I'm if this is something that you have questions about, like we can talk about representation. Yeah, I'm if this is something that you have questions about, like we can talk about representation. Goofy has a lot of flexibility in that. Goofy has a lot of flexibility in that. Um I have Um I have Yeah. Yeah. My thought is that those those will create smaller files though. My thought is that those those will create smaller files though. Yes. Yes. Because they do duplicate internally. Because they do duplicate internally. The only thing is that they don't the you have to do some work to recreate the The only thing is that they don't the you have to do some work to recreate the them um because they they have flattened things in order to deduplicate essentially um them um because they they have flattened things in order to deduplicate essentially um But uh that should be something that can be handled in a way pretty easily But uh that should be something that can be handled in a way pretty easily I'm just thinking that what because what what we're talking about here, uh Diana, is that you might want to go through and basically use the two dick or two two JSON representation. I'm just thinking that what because what what we're talking about here, uh Diana, is that you might want to go through and basically use the two dick or two two JSON representation. But then if you want to add in an extra key on certain kinds of objects, you have to figure out how to do that, which would be taking that object and rebuilding it essentially and then But then if you want to add in an extra key on certain kinds of objects, you have to figure out how to do that, which would be taking that object and rebuilding it essentially and then putting it uh r re-serializing it with a new key. putting it uh reserializing it with a new key Um Oh yeah, I don't I don't I feel like I'm missing a little bit of context to really grasp some of the details there That separately, but that's that's sort of a detail of how what your representation looks like. That separately, but that's that's sort of a detail of how what your representation looks like. Okay. Which is probably going to be OpenFE plus it sounds like you think it's and so it'd be open FE plus something that makes it easier for the TypeScript side to handle it. Which is probably going to be open FE plus it's not like you think it's And so it'd be open if E plus something that makes it easier for the TypeScript side to handle it. Okay. Um super minor little n question, uh just but just this will just help me uh move a little bit faster. When I generate those HTML files, should it be like next to the target file or should it be in like a temp directory? You know what I mean? Should it be like by default like in somewhere next to it or if this is throwaway we're just rendering it now. Jack here. I don't have a strong opinion. I don't have a zombie, that's something there to write the region. That's something that we can Oh s sorry, what were you what did you say, Sunset? Okay. Alright. Oh sorry, what are you what did you say something? Create the string and then ask Alistair what she wants to do with it. Create the string and then ask Alistair what she wants to do with it. It's her job then. It's her job then. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I was like, that's that's not your problem. I was like, that's not your problem. Do whatever you want. Do whatever you want. Okay. Yeah. If it's if it's if any anything that's written in Python, I can mutate to my heart's desire. If it's if it's if any anything that's written in Python, I can Yeah. Mutate to my heart's desire. Okay. Okay. I think I've got enough to get a first draft now. I might have follow-up questions with the sort of Python JSON stuff. I think I get it, but it also feels a little bit fuzzy, so there's probably some Details there that I might get with what's it? There's a lot of history on goofy serialization and I am in the middle of a lot of it. Okay. So Yeah, yeah, definitely ping just like put it in the chat with the three of us. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Definitely ping just like put it in the chat with the three of us. Okay. Because I think, David, you have a better idea of how, like I think you've played around more with how to hook this up for visualization things. Because I think David, you have a better idea of how, like I think you've played around more with how to hook this up for visualization things And I have maybe more recently been digging around in goofy serialization. And I have maybe more recently been digging around in Yuki serialization. And you know more about the state where it is now, but I spent more time writing the original code that put it there. And Yeah, you you you know more about the state where it is now, but I spent more time writing the original code that put it there. Yeah, so so message message in the chat with both of us. Yeah, so So message message in the chat with both of us. Got it. Okay. Yeah. Um and don't don't go down a rabbit hole. And don't don't go down a rabbit hole. It's not a good use of your time. It's not a good use of the case. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no. Yes, absolutely. Oh no. Absolutely. If you're looking into serialization stuff, ask. If you're looking at serialization stuff, ask. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Um, okay So yeah, okay. So I'm gonna start off with just the uh uh TypeScript convert to JavaScript. That thing gets used by this sort of goofy Viz library that will generate static HTML, fully self-contained. um uh minus you know maybe three you know minus three JS modules or something like that for now. We can have a step where we bake that in later, but for now, you know, these external ones they'll just live in HTML. Yeah, for now it's fine for GXML. Yeah, for now it's fine for GHML. We will definitely for the widget we'll have to bake that in for the because that'll be um We will definitely for the widget we'll have to bake that in for the because that'll be um Because they can't, they they might not have network access. Because they can't, they they might not have network access. So they, you know, they won't be able to bring down the visualization, so they'll have to bake it in. So they you know they might won't be able to bring down the visualization to have to make Okay. Um okay, that's just gonna generate HTML and so that'll basically prove out the sort of JSON schema conversion step. I will only focus on one or two types for now. Because those are to me implementations. I want to get this infrastructure and then I want to focus on upgrading the actual visualization itself. Yep. I just want to get this infrastructure. Yep. So I'll only have like a couple of those. Agreed. I'll have two just so they're separate. Um yeah. Yeah. I I would think like the maximum complexity might be chemical system. I I would think like the maximum complexity might be chemical system. We want to get the visualization, so let's definitely do, you know, a small molecule component or a protein component. We want to get the visualization, so let's definitely do you know, a small molecule component or a protein component. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. Um okay. And Um yeah, this will only be the the command line version. I'm not going to do the the Jupyter Notebook story yet. Right, this is just gonna be the generated HTML. Don't don't even worry about the command line version. Don't don't even worry about the command line version. Just think of it as you uh the easiest thing here is to have Just think of it as you the easiest thing here is to have a um a um uh uh be able to to have it just read in a a file on the typescript. uh be able to to have it just read in a a file on the typescript. Don't worry about the Python Don't worry about the Python, the actual connecting of the Python to the TypeScript at this point. the actual connecting of the Python to the TypeScript at this point. Just worry about the Python that generates the the JSON that would be read by the the TypeScript and then the TypeScript that reads it and makes a picture. Just worry about the Python that generates the the JSON that would be read by the the TypeScript and then the TypeScript that reads it and makes a picture. Um and however you want to serve that is fine. And however you want to serve that as fine. Wait, wait, wait. It's gonna be the TypeScript is at build time. We're not, you know, we're gonna Yeah, but those get yeah Yeah, but those g yeah But what I'm saying is the the TypeScript code that you've compiled to JavaScript, like you know, I again my my picture of the easiest thing here But what I'm saying is the the TypeScript code that he's compiled to JavaScript, like you know, I again my my picture of the easiest thing here is like in my case I use Vit, so it's a VET project that I can use. is like in my case I use Vit, so it's a VT project that I can use um that I just use Vit serve to like check it out and I can drag and I set it up to drag and drop a file Um I just use Veepserve to like check it out and I can drag and I set it up to drag and drop a file. That file is the output for my Python script, which is just a script version of what the code's going to do. That file is the output for my Python script. Which is just a script version of what the code's gonna do. I drag and drop that onto my browser and I see a rendering. I drag and drop that onto my browser and I see a rendering. Okay. Um like that to me is the easiest place to start from. Um like that to me is the easiest place to start from. And then once you have that, you can take what that is rendering and then And then once you have that, you can take what that is rendering and then turn it into a version where it's a Python script that calls out and returns a HTML string. Turn it into a version where it's the a Python script that calls out and returns a HTML string that you give to Elicit to deal with the rest of the way. that you give to elicit to deal with the rest of the way. But the first step, don't even worry about that part of it. But the first step, don't even worry about that. Okay. Okay. That's it. Yeah, this should be pretty pretty easy. Yeah, it should be this should be pretty pretty easy. Especially especially the first ones will just be wrapping things you already have. Especially the first one will just do wrapping things you already have. That should be very easy. That should be very easy. Yeah. Okay. The the hardest part's could probably gonna be dealing with the serialization, I think. The hardest part is they're probably gonna be dealing with the serialization. Yeah, that's the only part that's fuzzy. Uh figuring out Yeah The rest is super straightforward. I mean I've already built all that. It's just gonna be re-architecting it and moving it around. So that's trivial to me. But yeah. Um Okay. Alright, I think um I I think that's the minimal part. I think I've I see that I think it's clear in my head. Does that good to you, Alyssa? Yeah, yep. Yeah. Yep. Don't hesitate to message, um and Don't hesitate to message. And Smaller PRs are better. Smaller PRs are better. Like if if you're able to have a PR with like this first minimal pass and then you have another PR where you start adding onto it. Like if if you're able to have a PR with like this first minimal pass and then you have another PR where you start the batting onto it. Yeah. Like the I I very much prefer that um because I I will review everything by hand because I will be the owner of this. Like I I very much prefer that. Yep. Um, because I I will review everything by hand because I will be the owner of this Do you want this to live initially in an OpenSE repo, in which case you probably ought to make it, or in an eco-infra repo, in which case we can make it and transfer it to you? Do you want this to live initially in an OpenFE repo, in which case you probably ought to make it, or in an eco-info repo, in which case we can make it and transfer it to you Um, part of me thinks eco eco info because then Dion doesn't need to have right access to open FE things. Um, part of me thinks eco-info because then Dion doesn't need to have right access to open FE things. Like permissions-wise, that might be easier. Like permissions-wise, that might be easier. Yeah, because otherwise you have to give him per repo specific permissions. Yeah. Yeah, because otherwise you have to give him for repo specific permissions. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That works. Right. So so just from that perspective, does that sound okay and then doing the transfer? Right. So so just from that perspective, does that sound okay and then doing a transfer? Sure. Sure. Yep. Yep. Either one works. Either one works. Yeah. Yeah. I don't I don't have strong opinions, but it's like annoying to manage permissions on a granular level if I don't have to. I don't I don't have strong opinions, but it's like annoying to manage permissions on a granular level if you don't have to. Yeah, agree. Yeah Yeah Okay. Um cool. I think this would this is good for me. I got I think I got a clear path now. Um yeah, anything else? We can like figure out here while we're all here. No, just keep it keep it simple, push often bother me. No, just keep it keep it simple. Push often bother me Um, because yeah, this is such a different thing of like we're trying to build it into this like Um, because yeah, this is such a different thing of like we're trying to build it into this like Goofy is just such a a fussy and small but delicate library and it's just like Goofy is just such a a fussy and small but delicate library and it's just like Um Yeah, if you can do the boilerplate stuff for this repo first and I and if there are things you have questions about setting up on the Python side of it especially. Yeah, if you can do the boilerplate stuff for this repo first and I and if there are things you have questions about setting up on the Python side of it especially. I know what OpenFE's rules are for that pretty much. I know what open's rules are for that pretty much. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, we can have that in place before a list of storage review. We can have that in place before Alyssa starts reviewing. Yeah, and like not doing this with Docker because What do you mean by the rules? Not doing this with Docker because really just having an environment Like really just having an environment YAML. YAML. If you prefer Pixie, that's fine. If you prefer Pixie, that's fine. But yeah, I'll probably just But either I might do just Docker for myself because it's just easier to have it, but the the final one I'll strip all that stuff out, just cause it's easier for me to not install that locally. Um but I'll make sure that that's there as well. So that's that'll just be temporary. Yeah, if we can it when you're doing it with Docker, can you do it with a uh something like a Pixie setup on it or a conda something that can be easily When you're doing it with Docker, can you do it with a uh something like a Pixie setup on it or something that can be easily copied into? Copied into. And Pixie's probably best because it's just easy to set up monorepos like this, at least in my experience. Yeah. And Pixie's probably best because it's just easy to set up monorefootes like this, at least in my experience. Yeah, I'm happy with that. Yeah. Um there was one other thing I was thinking of. Oh yeah. Um just uh um Just the clarity, um, because I'm doing this um, you know, office hours and in it I do talk about like framejs as as an example. But that's we've we've changed that now, but I'm just gonna leave that in there for now where it's like, okay, you know This is not actually going to be using this infrastructure for these ones. Oh, oh, for open FE self. Yeah, but I saw I don't want to change that just for the things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's it it's it's a demo of what you can do. Somebody one of our partners could still do that, and I don't want them to not One of our partners could still do that, and I don't want them to not do that. do that and like they could point Claude to that to your Viz library and be like use these components. Like they could point, Claude, to that to your Viz library and be like, use these components. Yeah, okay. I mean again I I Yeah, yeah. Just again, I I Uh I I think that it's not the quite the right use case for what Alyssa wants, but I think that's a an example of using it that is interesting. I I think that it's not the quite the right use case for what Alyssa wants, but I think that's a an example of using it that is interesting. Like there's a Okay, okay, just I just wanted to clarify that because I don't want to make a change. Thanks for asking. Um but yeah, yeah, I think I think that is that is fine. But yeah, yeah, I think I think that is That is fine. Um, but it's not like, oh yeah, this is exactly what open IP is gonna look like or anything. But it's not like, oh yeah, this is exactly what OpenF is going to look like or anything. But just to say this. But just to say this. Yeah no. It can be done with this and it's relatively easy. But it can be done with this and it's relatively easy. I think that is again, that's the story of of Frame. I think that is, again, that's the story of FrameJS is quickly putting together, you know, these kind of js is quickly putting together you know, these kind of visualizations and that's what we're hoping you'll talk about. visualizations and that's what we're hoping you'll talk about. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um okay cool. All right. And I won't be able to make it to the Viz office hours tomorrow. We'll be able to make it to the Viz office hours. Tomorrow. It's today. In about an hour. Um, I don't worry about it. Today. Today. Yeah. No, I have an appointment. I have an appointment. Um that's all good. So sorry about that. Um sorry about that, but I was glad to make the But I was glad to make the last one. And I've seen your talk twice now. Yeah. And I've seen your talk twice now. I think I I get it. Yeah, I know. I'm like don't don't you you don't need to do it. I get it. Okay, I think um I was recording this, but I didn't see if I have, but if just in case I don't, um I want to double check in case either of you have like um Well, anyway, that's uh the handle there. Okay. I think I'm good. Um hopefully I'll have something in the next couple of days of like the minimal version, at least the setup, um, focus on the JSON, but the the rest of the JavaScript is like that's gonna be like straightforward. So wonderful. Wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. All right. All right. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thanks. Thank you. Looking forward to it. All right. Take care. Bye. Cheer.